swift: http acceptance tests with assertion filter (#1069)
lyft/envoy-mobile: library/swift/test/HttpBridgeTests/README.md

> This test suite tests end-to-end integration of the platform layer to the core layer's HTTP
> functionality. It tests both the request side sendHeaders/Data,Close,Cancel; and the response
> side via all the setOnResponseHeaders/Data,setOnError,setOnCancel.
> 
> Note: These tests are broke apart into different suites and bazel targets in order to tear down
> app state --and thus static lifetime objects like the Envoy engine -- between tests. When
> multiple engine support (https://github.com/lyft/envoy-mobile/issues/332) lands, all of these
> tests can be collapsed to the same suite/target.
> 
> TODO: setOnTrailers is not tested as the neither the direct_response pathway, nor the router
> allow sending trailers programmatically. Add tests once possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test suite tests end-to-end integration of the platform layer and the core layer's HTTP
functionality. It tests both the request side `send{Headers|Data}`, `close`, `cancel`,
as well as the response side via all the` setOnResponse{...}` functions.

TODO: These tests are broken apart into different suites and bazel targets in order to tear down
app state - and thus static lifetime objects like the Envoy engine - between tests. When
multiple engine support (https://github.com/lyft/envoy-mobile/issues/332) lands, all of these
tests can be collapsed to the same suite/target.

TODO: setOnTrailers is not tested as neither the `direct_response` pathway, nor the router
allow sending trailers programmatically. Add tests once possible.
```
